update conatcts payload (#8)
callbellchat/callbell-public-docs: docs/api_reference/messages_api/post_send_messages.md

# POST /messages/send

:::caution

> After 24h without a reply from the customer, it is not possible to send regular messages, you'll need to use a **Template** message, see examples below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After 24 hours without a response from the customer, it is not possible to send regular messages. You will need to use a **template message**, as shown in the examples below.
```

Reviewer: Also we could link the "example" word to the paragraph where we show how to send templates?

Author: ah yes 🆗
